What is harder to catch the faster you run? Your breath!
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one!
Where does a hockey player get all his money?
From the tooth fairy!
Why can’t Cinderella play soccer? Because she is always running away from the ball!
What is something you can serve, but never eat? A volleyball!
Why did the basketball player bring his suitcase to the game? Because he traveled a lot!
What kinds of stories do basketball players tell? Tall tales!
Why do basketball players love cookies and milk? Because they can dunk them!
Why did the chicken get ejected from the basketball game?
Because there was so much fowl play! Why did the basketball player go to jail? Because he shot the ball!
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling!
When is a baseball player like a spider? When he catches a fly!
How is a baseball team similar to a pancake? They both need a good batter!
What is an insect’s favorite sport? Cricket!
What did the baseball glove say to the ball? Catch you later!
Why did the Yankees sign a contract with a baker? They needed a new batter!
What animal is best at hitting a baseball? A bat!
What has 18 legs and catches flies? A baseball team!
What runs around a baseball team but never moves? A fence!
Why is Yankee Stadium the coolest place to be? It’s full of fans! 
What did the coach say to the broken vending machine? I want my quarter back!
Where do you go to buy new uniforms? New Jersey! 
Which football player wears the biggest helmet? The one with the biggest head!
Why didn’t the dog want to play football? It was a boxer!
How do football players deal with their problems? They tackle them head on!
What do football players wear for Halloween? Face masks!
How are scrambled eggs and bad football teams the same? They’ve both been beaten!
Why are some umpires chubby? It’s their job to clean their plates. 
What does a baseball player do when he starts losing his eyesight? He becomes an umpire.
Where do you keep your mitt while driving? In the glove compartment.
Which baseball player holds water? The pitcher.
Why are baseball games at night? The bats sleep during the day.
What is the difference between Yankee fans and dentists? One roots for the yanks, and the other yanks for the roots.
I love the fall. It gives me a chance to sit at home and watch the World Series. Just like the Dodgers.
How do baseball players keep in touch? They touch base every once in a while.
Which fast-food chain is most likely to win a basketball tournament? Dunkin’ Donuts.
What do you call the basketball play where you drink too much and then score? Slam Drunk.
Why doesn’t the basketball team have a website? They can’t string together three Ws.
What do prison guards, and basketball guards have in common? They’re both supposed to protect you.
If a basketball player gets athlete’s foot, what’s an astronaut get? Missile Toe!
What’s Prince Charles’ favorite American basketball team? Sacramento Kings.
Why was the basketball player sitting on the sidelines drawing chickens? Coach told her to learn how to draw fouls.
What does a Bulls fan do after they see their team win? Rewind the VHS tape.
Why was the basketball court wet? Because the players kept dribbling on it.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Why did the football team go to the bank? To get their quarterback.
What is a boxer’s favorite drink? Punch. 
What’s a golfer’s favorite letter? Tee!
How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb? FORE!
What is a ghosts favorite position in soccer? Ghoul keeper.
Why is tennis such a loud sport? The players raise a racquet.
Why is baseball the coolest sport? Because the diamonds are on the field.
What do you call a pig who plays basketball? A ball hog.
What is a cheerleader's favorite color? Yeller!